Practice Test A - Reading Part 1: Reading CorrespondenceNEXTTime remaining: 10 minutes
Read the following message.
Hi Mea,

I’m sorry for taking so long to reply to your email. As you know, I’ve been very busy this summer with Marco’s university graduation and my family’s visit from Chile. The graduation ceremony was great! Too bad you guys couldn’t make it, but we understand it’s a bit of a drive from Calgary. You were truly missed. My Mum remembers you well from when we were kids. After the celebrations, we took the family sightseeing here in Vancouver. They loved it! They left yesterday for Victoria, and will catch a plane back home from there in three days.

Just when we thought things would slow down, Marco broke the news that he had accepted a job offer in Tokyo. He leaves at the end of the month! He was invited to work at a top engineering firm that specializes in rebuilding cities after large disasters. Needless to say Marco is very excited about it. The firm has been really active in the reconstruction efforts following the 2011 earthquake in Japan, and it’s a great first step into his career, not to mention the opportunity to experience a new culture, and learn a new language. He’s a little apprehensive about communicating in Japanese but the firm has a translator and a tutor to help him.

Marco is over the moon, but Jack and I are having a tougher time with it. We think he’s so young to be so far away, but we know it’s for the best. Just the other day Jack and I were talking about that trip all of us took to Disneyland when the kids were little, do you remember that? It’s been 20 years! Time flies, doesn’t it? Well, get prepared, Cindy is next!

In any event, we are planning a farewell party for friends next weekend, and Marco cannot imagine not having you, Jason and Cindy there. The party will be at his apartment. He really does not want to leave without saying goodbye to you all. We hope you can make it, after all we haven’t seen you since last Christmas. Let me know so I can get the rooms ready.

We’ll be in touch,

Love,
Maria

Using the drop-down menu (  ), choose the best option according to the information given in the message.
1. Maria’s mother is now ▾
in Chile.
in Calgary.
in Vancouver.
in Victoria.
2. In a few weeks, Maria’s son Marco will ▾
3. Marco is feeling ▾
4. Marco’s employers are ▾
5. Maria and Jack are worried about ▾
6. Mea and Maria ▾
Here is a response to the message. Complete the response by filling in the blanks. Select the best choice for each blank from the drop-down
menu (  ).
Hi Maria,
This is such wonderful news! Count us in, we would hate to miss 7. ▾ We’ll leave 8. ▾ at 6am Saturday morning. We’ll be there by early afternoon. That way if you need any help setting up the 9. ▾ you’ll have some extra help. Cindy is great with decorations.
Also, we want to give Marco a graduation gift. Initially we thought about a sofa for his Vancouver apartment, but I guess that 10. ▾ Do you have any suggestions? Does he have everything he needs for the 11. ▾ Winter clothes, perhaps?
Let me know, and see you on Saturday!
Love,
Mea
Answer Key
BACK